[docs] add note about build:android (#9948)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v38.0.0/sdk/map-view.md

  3.  In `app.json`, copy the API key from `android.config.googleSignIn` to `android.config.googleMaps.apiKey`.
  4.  Rebuild your standalone app.
- **If you already have not configured Google Sign In**

>   1.  [Build your app for Android](https://docs.expo.io/distribution/building-standalone-apps/#if-you-choose-to-build-for-android) with `expo build:android`.  Take note of your Android package name (eg: `ca.brentvatne.growlerprowler`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1.  [Build your app for Android](/distribution/building-standalone-apps/#if-you-choose-to-build-for-android) with `expo build:android`. Take note of your [Android package name](https://expo.fyi/android-package).
```
